 Hi, thank you for calling Hotel California. This is Candice. How may I help you? Hi, Candice. This is Steven. I'd like to book for four people, please. And that would be for August 18th. Sure, Steven. I'd be happy to help you with that. So which room do you have in mind? Actually, I got to tell you first that I am super busy. So I haven't been able to browse through your website and I don't know. I don't really know the rooms you have right now, but I could give you my requirements and then you suggest the best rooms for me. Could we do that? Absolutely. What do you need? So there are four of us, including me, and we need something with a Wi-Fi and maybe a swimming pool. Got it. Will you four be staying in one room or separate rooms? Oh, sorry. I forgot to tell you. That would be separate because you see we're two couples. So we need two rooms. I see. So in that case, I recommend two deluxe Kings. Each room has a king size bed, which fits two people, a Wi-Fi and access to a swimming pool and free lunch and breakfast. All of these for $200 each. And that's going to be $400 for two rooms. How does it sound? Oh, that is a bit too much. That's a bit expensive. Actually, do you maybe have something more affordable than that? It's just that now that I think about it, I remember there's a beach close to your hotel. So we will probably just take a trip there and you can take out the swimming pool. Is that possible? Sure. Let me see your options here. So if you want to take out the swimming pool and just have the Wi-Fi, then we certainly have a room for that. And that is the classic King for $125 each, which is 250 for two rooms as opposed to 400. And you're still going to get the king size bed and the Wi-Fi. But I have to tell you, Stephen, aside from having no swimming pool, you will also only get a free breakfast instead of lunch and breakfast. Is that OK with you? Perfect. Perfect, Candice. That's exactly what we need. We'll be having lunch at the beach anyway, so we won't be eating at the hotel. So to classic King it is. Do you need my credit card number or what do you need? For security purposes, we don't really take credit card info over the phone. But what I need from you instead is your email address where I can send you a link where you can securely pay and enter your card information. OK, cool. You can send it to Stephen underscore 182 at Gmail dot com. Thank you. How do you spell Stephen, by the way? Is that a Stephen with a V or a Stephen with a P? That's with a P for Pepper. Thank you. So just to make sure, let me just spell that out for you. That is S for Sierra, T for Tangle, E for Echo, P for Peter, H for Hotel and for Nancy underscore one eight two at Gmail dot com. Yep, that's correct. OK, perfect. So just to recap, you will be booking two classic Kings for this August 18th, 2020. The total amount is two hundred fifty dollars for two rooms. Are all of these correct? Yep, all correct. Thank you, Stephen. So after this call, you should receive an email from booking at Cali Hotel dot com. And that email is a secure link where you can click and enter your full name and card info. I also want to remind you not to click any of the email that is not from booking at Cali Hotel dot com, because we only take payments through this one email. All right. Gotcha. So is there anything else that I can help you with today? Nope. You've been very helpful, Candice. Thank you so much. You're most welcome, Stephen. Thank you for calling Hotel California. You have a great day. Have a great day, Candice. Bye.